# lr2-blender-loader
If you have a Lego Racers 2 copy, or just have its assets on your computer, you can use this set of scripts to import them on Blender to
create some cool animations or anything (be aware of copyright strikes).

##### Tested on:
* Blender 2.81

## Installation
First of all you **must** have somewhere on your computer:
* The Lego Racers 2 assets [extracted with UNGTC](https://github.com/JrMasterModelBuilder/UNGTC) (you must hold a game copy then).
* [The Lego Racers 2 PNG textures pack (by Mysteli on RockRaidersUnited).](https://www.dropbox.com/s/1e82fczb67lkxrd/LEGO%20Racers%202%20Textures%20%28PNG%29.zip?dl=0)

Currently, these scripts doesn't make up an organic Blender add-on. They must be copied by hand within Blender.
The following process assumes you're working on a fresh Blender project:
* Enter the `Scripting` panel.
* On the `Text Editor`, create a Text with the `+ New` button.
* Choose an arbitrary script from this repository.
* Set the `Text`'s name to the script's name (don't forget .py).
* Copy the script's content within the text area.
* Do the same for the rest of the scripts.

## Usage
Open Blender's `Text Editor` (for example by going on the `Scripting` panel).
If the installation process went well, you should now have this repository right on your Blender project.

The variables, where present, of every python script must be changed according to your options:
```python3
# The absolute path to the GAMEDATA folder generated by UNGTC.
GAMEDATA_PATH='...'

# The absolute path to the PNG textures pack.
PNG_TEXTURES_PACK_PATH='...'

# The name of the terrain to load.
# Must be one of: 'SANDY BAY', 'ADVENTURERS', 'MARS', 'ARCTIC', 'XALAX01', 'XALAX02', 'XALAX03', 'XALAX04', 'XALAX05'.
TERRAIN_NAME='SANDY BAY'
```

Now that the scripts are updated, execute them with this order:
* `terr_bundle.py` - make some preparation for Blender loading.
* `terr_make_mesh.py` - creates the Terrain object with a Mesh attached to it. 
* `terr_create_renderer.py` - creates the Material's NodeTree that responsible of colouring the terrain.

That's it! You got it!

## Gallery
